{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Scheduler Application\
\
Purpose: the purpose of this application is to provide an environment for the user to add and update customers and appointments via a simple interface.\
\
Author: Tyler Brown\
Email: tbro909@wgu.edu\
Application Version: 1\
Wednesday 06 January 2021\
\
IDE: IntelliJ IDEA 2020.3.1 (Community Edition)\
Java JDK 11.0.8\
Java SDK 11.0.2\
MySQL Driver 5.1.49 ***Please not the Driver Version***\
\
\
When the program is launched, the login screen pops up in either English or French depending on the users location. The program waits for the user to enter their username and password and if it matches one of the user in the database, it allows the user to login, otherwise it displays an error explaining which input was incorrect.\
 Upon logging in, the user is greeted with a pop up telling them whether or not there is an appointment scheduler for within 15 minutes of the current time. After acknowledging the pop up, the user is able to see all customers and appointments. The customers can be sorted by their country and division locations (appointments are also updated accordingly). The appointments are displayed in the users local timezone and can be filtered to display appointments that are within the next week or month. If there are no appointments within the selected period, a pop up alerts them. Under each table there are three options to add, update, or delete a customer or an appointment. Upon clicking on the add or update options, the user is taken to another screen to either enter new information to add or manipulate current information for a selected customer or appointment. \
The program creates a log of each time a user attempts to log in that consists of the number of attempts, their respective dates/times and whether the attempt was successful. This output file is located with all the other files and is named \'93login_activity.txt\'94. This file is updated every time the program is run.\
\
There is also a button labeled \'93Reports\'94 on the main menu that upon clicking will provide the user with three reports:\
1) The total number of appointments for all customers for each month and each type\
2) A schedule for each contact in the organization that includes all of the following appointment information: appointment ID, title, type, description, start and end dates/times (in local time), and the customer ID. \
3) The number of customers for each country.}